I am the one who knocks.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you can't see where it keeps its brain.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it.
To the well organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
Fear of a name increases fear of a thing itself.
Enemies of the Heir Beware! You'll be next, mudbloods!
The fear of blood tends to create fear for the flesh.
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
The things I do for love.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die.
The Lannisters send their regards.
Valar Morghulis.
Winter is coming.
First Lesson: Stick 'em with the pointy end.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Hodor.
You know the first rule of combat? Shoot them before they shoot you.
I’m just watching a bad dream I never wake up from.
Those Earthlings are weird.
You can't tell the age of a woman by looking at her.
So that's the story. and what was the real lesson? Don't leave things in the fridge.
That is not an ordinary star, my son. That star is the tear of a warrior.
I’m not going there to die; I’m going to find out if I’m really alive.
Easy Come, Easy Go...
See You space cowboy ...
... Bang ...
You're gonna carry that weight.
Are you living in the real world?
Angels banished from heaven have no choice but to become devils.
Present day. Present time. Hahahaha!
What isn’t remembered never happened. Memory is merely a record.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them.
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
You shall not pass!
I am the bone of my sword.
North never forgets.
There is some fiction in your truth, and some truth in your fiction. To know the truth, you must risk everything.
Don't forget. Always, somewhere, someone is fighting for you. As long as you remember her, you are not alone.
To an artificial mind all reality is virtual.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.
Proud of yourself, little man?
It's too bad she won't live. But then again, who does?
Because ten billion years' time is so fragile, so ephemeral... it arouses such a bittersweet, almost heartbreaking fondness.
So you think you can tell Heaven from Hell?
We are two lost souls swimming in a fishbowl.
Everyone wants to know their future… until they know their future.
Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power. But earning it for yourself, that takes work.
The powerful have always preyed on the powerless. That’s how they became powerful in the first place.
Someone who’s forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide.
There’s no justice in the world. Not unless we make it.
It takes courage to admit fear.
That’s what I do. I drink and I know things.
I’m here to help. Don’t eat the help.
The past is already written. The ink is dry.
A wise man once said the true history of the world is the history of great conversations in elegant rooms.
We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.
Hold the door!
Only a fool makes threats he’s not prepared to carry out.
Violence is a disease. You don’t cure a disease by spreading it to more people.
If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, you’d say the razor worked. That doesn’t mean it won’t cut your throat.
I choose violence.
Lots of horrible shit in this world gets done for something larger than ourselves.
My reign has just begun.
Your words will disappear. Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear.
Winter is here.
If you go looking for the truth get the whole thing. It's like a good fuck, half is worst than none at all.
The piano doesn't murder the player if it doesn't like the music.
Dead men tell no tale.
Every day above ground is a good day.
Every dog has its day.
Me. I always tell the truth. Even when I lie.
Say hello to my little friend.
